docs: mention in README that the repo is archived (#389)
sablier-labs/v2-periphery: README.md

[foundry]: https://getfoundry.sh/
[foundry-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Built%20with-Foundry-FFDB1C.svg

> ## ⚠️ Repository Archived

Reviewer: Its implicit that its a repository.

```suggestion
## ⚠️ Archived
```

> This repository is archived and will no longer be maintained. For the latest contracts and updates, please visit:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository has been archived and is no longer maintained. For up to date, please visit the following repos:
```

[foundry]: https://getfoundry.sh/
[foundry-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Built%20with-Foundry-FFDB1C.svg

## ⚠️ Archived

> This repository has been archived and is no longer maintained. For up to date, please visit the following repos:

Reviewer 2: Let's say `For the latest contracts and updates` please
